add docs for thread discussions (#59)
team-plain/docs: thread-discussions.mdx

---
title: 'Thread Discussions'
---

<Frame>![Example Thread Discussion](/public/images/thread-discussion.png)</Frame>

> Thread discussions allow you to lead side conversations for any thread with your wider team.

Reviewer: I think we should try and keep the language a bit simpler for the docs so that it's less indirect/formal:

```suggestion
Thread discussions allow you to discuss support requests with your team in Slack.
```

> Simply get the link to the thread in Plain and paste it in any of your internal slack channels.

Reviewer: I would avoid 'simply', 'just' etc. If the user struggles to get this to work it then feels weird/odd
```suggestion
To start a discussion you can copy a link to a thread in Plain and share it in Slack channel.
```

We will then unfurl the link for you and populate the Plain thread context for your wider team to be aware of, without leaving Slack.
For your convenience, the discussion will also be visible in the Plain thread.

To enable this functionality, you will need to setup your [Slack integration](/slack) first.

> Additionally, we don't start discussions on all links to a Plain thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For good data hygiene, we don't start discussions on all links to a Plain thread.
```

> In order to keep your customer data private, we will not start a discussion if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will not start a discussion if:
```

> - the link is posted by a non-Plain user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the link is posted by someone who is not a user in Plain
```

- the link is posted in a private channel Plain doesn't have access to
- the link is posted in a Slack Connect channel

> Finally, you can always disable thread discussions and link unfurling in your Slack integration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to opt out of unfurling completely, you can disable thread discussions and link unfurling in your Slack integration settings.
```
